---
layout: post
title:  "Favourite Quotes"
date:   2015-06-22
author: "various"
---

“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,
Love like you'll never be hurt,
Sing like there's nobody listening,
And live like it's heaven on earth.”
― William W. Purkey


"Prime numbers are what is left when you have taken all the patterns away. I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them."
— Mark Haddon (The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time) 


"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind."
― Bernard M. Baruch


“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
― Dr. Seuss


“If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.”
― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire 


“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”
― Eleanor Roosevelt, This is My Story 


“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.”
― Winston S. Churchill


“I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.”
― Audrey Hepburn


“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”
― Helen Keller


“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”
― Theodore Roosevelt


“Never dull your shine for somebody else.”
― Tyra Banks


“We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.”
― Carlos Castaneda


“Success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.”
― Coco Chanel, Believing in Ourselves: The Wisdom of Women 


“Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.”
― Bertrand Russell


